fix(write-api): Write requests outside retention period will return 422 (#5564)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/write-data/troubleshoot.md

| `401 "Unauthorized"`          |                                                                                                                                     | If the `Authorization` header is missing or malformed or if the [token](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/tokens/) doesn't have [permission](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/token/create/#examples) to write to the database. See [examples using credentials](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/get-started/write/#write-line-protocol-to-influxdb) in write requests. |
| `404 "Not found"`             | requested **resource type** (for example, "organization" or "database"), and **resource name**                                      | If a requested resource (for example, organization or database) wasn't found                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `422 "Unprocessable Entity"`  | `message` contains details about the error                                                                                          | If the data isn't allowed (for example, falls outside of the bucket's retention period).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `422 "Unprocessable Entity"`  | `message` contains details about the error                                                                                          | If the data isn't allowed (for example, falls outside of the database’s retention period).
```
